docs: use __init__ method instead of constructor (#4088)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/loaders.rst

      loader.context['unit'] = 'cm'

2. On Item Loader instantiation (the keyword arguments of Item Loader

>    ``__init__`` methodare stored in the Item Loader context)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``__init__`` method are stored in the Item Loader context)::
```

I’ve seen this issue in a few more replacements below, where the character right after ‘method’ (a space, a dot, a comma) was accidentally removed. Could you please take a look?

Author: 🤦‍♂ of course

Author: @Gallaecio thanks for your patience, change pushed.
